this video will show how
energy-efficient mi energy core windows
are manufactured with state-of-the-art
equipment and processes in Prescott
Valley Arizona the first step in the
process is the Assembly of the insulated
glass panel the glass comes to the
factory in bundles of 120 sheets of
glass that weigh 2,000 pounds a single
sheet of glass is deployed to a drop
table that allows the sheet to be fed
into an optimized glass cutting machine
using computerized optimization software
the sheet is cut in an order that
minimizes scrap after the glass is cut a
worker separates the pieces and places
them onto a cart the glass panels are
then moved to the insulating glass
assembly line where the panes are loaded
into a washer where the glass is washed
with a very low solid water and dried
through a bank of air knives next a warm
edge insulating spacer is applied to one
glass panel the top panel is added and
then the panel is fed into a multi
roller press to achieve a consistent
bond across the full perimeter of the
spacer
the panels are fed through a secondary
sealing applicator that applies a thick
layer of butyl sealant around the full
perimeter of the unit the completed
panel is loaded onto a cart for delivery
to the assembly area the next step is
the assembly of the window frame and
sash frame and sash pieces are cut to
size milled drilled and punched in
preparation for welding the frame and
sash components are loaded into a fully
automated welder a four point fusion
welder heats the ends of the frame parts
to over 300 degrees which are then held
together under pressure and cooled to
form a fusion welded corner the welded
frames are then cleaned in a four head
12 tool CNC corner cleaner
then hardware and component parts are
added the frames receive weep hole
covers and sill tracks and the sashes
are fitted with weather stripping locks
tilt latches pivot bars and rollers the
last part of the fabrication is the
final assembly of the window components
glass panels are glazed into the frame
and sashes
using a laser guided glazing machine
that applies a metered bead of silicone
the panels are then placed into the
frames and glazing beads are snapped
into the exterior of the frame to hold
the panels tight and finish the window
the sashes are then installed into the
frames NFRC and banner labels are
affixed and then the windows are loaded
on carts and are moved to the packaging
area in the packaging area the windows
are inspected and cleaned and then
cardboard corner protectors are added
before being fed through a custom-fit
poly bagging machine
this packaging ensures that the windows
arrive to the job site in the same
condition they leave the factory the
windows are then loaded into a truck and
batten down securely for shipment if you
have questions or want more information
go to our website at WWE